sp-forward-sexp (&optional arg)                 ;; C-M-f
sp-backward-sexp (&optional arg)                ;; C-M-b
sp-down-sexp (&optional arg)                    ;; C-M-d
sp-backward-down-sexp (&optional arg)           ;; C-M-a
sp-up-sexp (&optional arg)                      ;; C-M-e
sp-backward-up-sexp (&optional arg)             ;; C-M-u
sp-next-sexp (&optional arg)                    ;; C-M-n
sp-previous-sexp (&optional arg)                ;; C-M-p
sp-beginning-of-sexp (&optional arg)            ;; C-S-d
sp-end-of-sexp (&optional arg)                  ;; C-S-a
sp-beginning-of-next-sexp (&optional arg)       ;; none
sp-beginning-of-previous-sexp (&optional arg)   ;; none
sp-end-of-next-sexp (&optional arg)             ;; none
sp-end-of-previous-sexp (&optional arg)         ;; none

sp-kill-sexp (&optional arg)                        ;; C-M-k
sp-backward-kill-sexp (&optional arg)               ;; C-- C-M-k

sp-copy-sexp (&optional arg)                        ;; C-M-w
sp-backward-copy-sexp (&optional arg)               ;; C-- C-M-w

sp-unwrap-sexp (&optional arg)                      ;; M-<delete>
sp-backward-unwrap-sexp (&optional arg)             ;; M-<backspace>

sp-transpose-sexp                                   ;; C-M-t

sp-splice-sexp (&optional arg)                      ;; M-D
sp-splice-sexp-killing-forward (&optional arg)      ;; C-M-<delete>
sp-splice-sexp-killing-backward (&optional arg)     ;; C-M-<backspace>
sp-splice-sexp-killing-around (&optional arg)       ;; C-S-<backspace>

sp-convolute-sexp (&optional arg)                   ;; none
sp-absorb-sexp (&optional arg)                      ;; none
sp-emit-sexp (&optional arg)                        ;; none
sp-extract-before-sexp (&optional arg)              ;; none
sp-extract-after-sexp (&optional arg)               ;; none

sp-split-sexp (arg)                                 ;; none
sp-join-sexp (&optional arg)                        ;; none

sp-rewrap-sexp (&optional arg)                      ;; none
sp-swap-enclosing-sexp (&optional arg)              ;; none

sp-forward-slurp-sexp (&optional arg)               ;; C-<right>
sp-forward-barf-sexp (&optional arg)                ;; C-<left>
sp-backward-slurp-sexp (&optional arg)              ;; C-M-<left>
sp-backward-barf-sexp (&optional arg)               ;; C-M-<right>

sp-add-to-next-sexp (&optional arg)                 ;; none
sp-add-to-previous-sexp (&optional arg)             ;; none

sp-select-next-thing (&optional arg)                ;; C-M-]
sp-select-previous-thing (&optional arg)            ;; C-[

sp-select-next-thing-exchange (&optional arg)       ;; C-]
sp-select-previous-thing-exchange (&optional arg)   ;; C-- C-]
